hi Steve Lange here at the geneva motor
show and we're at the Renault stand
where it's no surprising that when we
are building on the success of the
capture with the launch of the new
crossover as the rental Kjar the cadi
are still has compact dimensions and a
lower roofline but overall is of course
larger than the capture the car shares a
lot of its qualities within this hand
cast right so it has great credentials
let's go and have a look and see how
good it really is the kgo is designed to
look sporty and rugged and with this red
launch color it really is a showstopper
here at geneva the vehicles available in
two or four-wheel drive petrol or diesel
so plenty of options for everyone
there's generous ground clearance on the
vehicle of 190 millimeters and the front
and rear skid plate offer protection all
round at the side of the cage are you
really get a sense of its styling when I
have paid plenty of attention to making
sure it looks great at its side view
things like the 19-inch alloy wheels and
the kinked waistline as well as a
sculpted body lines as well it really
does stand out from the crowd so the car
looks impressive but where r ni will
really want to shine is in offering
practicality for the customers this is a
really competitive segment so let's see
what it has to offer it certainly looks
practical with its 60 40 split and this
whole boot floor actually gives
additional storage in fact up to four
hundred and seventy two liters of
storage throughout inside the car we
actually thinks this step up from the
capture there's some real premium
features such as reversing camera
parking system traffic sign recognition
is also available and the front
passenger seat can be dropped to form a
table that's really practical the large
touchscreen really does offer
practicality for the customers and has
the latest version of the are linked to
system the whole car as well features
Bose surround sound system we really
do love a bit of that looking around a
Renault Kjar yes it does share many
features with the cash guy however it
does have its own identity and we think
it will do really well in the UK so from
Steve Lang of motivate training I'll
catch you later